Chapter 25 Binary Search Trees:

    "A binary search tree can be implemented using a linked structure."(p.930)

    1. Binary Tree:
        "A binary tree is a hierarchical structure. It either is empty or consists of an element,   called the root, and two distinct binary trees, called the left subtree and right subtree,    either or both of which may be empty."(p.930)

        - [Root] : It has a root and the left-subtree and right-subtree.
        - [Length of A Path] : The length of a path is the number of edges (that connect two elements)      in the path. 
        - [Depth of A Node] : The depth of a node is the length of the path from the root to the node.
        - [Level of A Tree] : The set of all nodes at a given depth is sometimes called a level of the  tree.
        - [Height of A Tree] : The height of a tree that contains a single node is 0. Conventionally,   the height of an empty tree is —1.
        - [Siblings] : Nodes that share the same parent node.
        - [Node without Children] : A node without children is called a leaf

    2. Binary Search Tree (BST):
        BST allows duplicates.

        "A BST (with no duplicate elements) has the property that:
            for every node in the tree, 
            1) the value of any node in its left subtree is less than the value of the node, and 
            2) the value of any node in its right subtree is greater than the value of the node." (p.930)

    3. Tree Traversal:
        "Tree traversal is the process of visiting each node in the tree exactly once." (p.934)
        
        There are numerous ways to traverse a tree:
            - inorder traversal,
            - postorder traversal,
            - preorder traversal, 
            - depth-first traversal, and
            - breadth-first traversal
        
        3.1 Inorder Traversal
            "... the left subtree of the current node is visited first recursively, then the current node, and finally the right subtree of the current node recursively."(p.934) 
            
            It follows a left-to-right order, where the left is always nodes less than current node and the right is always nodes greater than current node, which is why it's called inorder.

        3.2 Postorder Traversal
            "... the left subtree of the current node is visited recursively first, then recursively the right subtree of the current node, and finally the current node itself." (p.934)
            
            One of the application of postorder traversal is calculating the size of the directory, which calculates the files and subdir before finding the size of the root dir.
        
        3.3 Preorder Traversal / Depth-First Traversal 
            "... the current node is visited first, then recursively the left subtree of the current node, and finally the fight subtree of the current node recursively." (p.934)

            One application of Preorder Traversal / Depth-First Traversal is printing the table of contents of a book.

            A BST can be reconstructed by inserting the elements in preorder.

        3.4 Breadth-First Traversal 
            "With breadth-first traversal, the nodes are visited level by level. First the root is visited, then all the children of the root from left to right, then the grandchildren of the root from left to right, and so on." (p.934)
        
        3.5 Inserting and Deleting Node
            Inserting new nodes and deleting nodes are demonstrated in the examples. Inserting new node just simply traverse the tree starting from the root, and insert the node in the proper position. While deleting a node can be very complicated, before deleting a node, two cases should be considered, that whether the node has a left child.

            Case 1: Current node doesn't have left child (regardless of whether it has right child)
                This means that the current node only has one child, so, just simply compares it with the parent node and connect it with the parent (as a left or right child).
                
                However, the current may be root where the pointer hasn't moved yet. In this case, the point is whether it only has one child, the reason why left child is considered,is that the current node is always less than the right subtree, so regardless of whether the right subtree exists, it always reconnects to the parent of the current node.

            Case 2: Current node has a left child (regardless of whether it has right child)
                As the right subtree is always greater than the current node, it is not changed, it will only be reconnected. However, after removing the current node, there is node that has the 'greatest value' in the left subtree that needs to move up to become the new parent, in which case, the rightmost node in the left subtree is the greatest node.

                So, for this case, the rightmost node in the left subtree should be found and set the current node's value to be the rightmost node's value, and finally removes the rightmost node. This process can be done by creating a new node of the right most node's value, and reconnecting all the pointers, whichever is convenient.

                As in the example, there can be case where there is no right node at all in the left sub-tree. In such case, just copy the value of current's left child, and reconnect the child nodes of the current's left child (i.e., skip current's left child, as its value is copied to replace the previous value of current node).

    4. Tree Visualisation and MVC
        MVC architecture is used in the example, where:
            Model - BST.java
            View - BSTView.java
            Controller - BSTViewController.java

        There is debate in the mvc implementation in java. The way the text book implements it is that the controller hands all the panes as how it's implemented here, and controls (e.g., buttons, textfield) are instantiated directly within the controller class. As such, it has access to all these controls and it will add all the handler.
      
        This is consistent with
        http://www.fredosaurus.com/notes-java/GUI/structure/40mvc.html.
      
        However, some developers suggest that the handlier or listener should be handled by the view rather than the controller.
        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26517856/java-and-gui-where-do-actionlisteners-belong-according-to-mvc-pattern

    5. Iterable and Iterator

    6. Data Compression (Huffman Coding Tree)
        Huffman data compression usess binary tree which uses fewer bits to encode the characters that occur more frequently and more bits for the characters that occur less frequently.

        In Huffman Coding Tree:
            -> the left child and right child of a node are assigned a value of 0 and 1 respectively
            -> each character is a leaf in the tree
            -> how the text is encoded into 0 and 1 can be used to decode the text

        How the encoding and decoding works:
            As the left edge is 0 and the right edge is 1, the 0 and 1 is used to guide encoding and decoding a char. Such binary tree is constructed based on the frequency of each unique characters. 
            
            For example, for "Mississippi":

                "Mississippi" -> 000101011010110010011

                In this string:

                    Char        Code        Frequency       Path (0-left, 1-right)
                    M           000         1               left, left, left 
                    P           001         2               left, left, right
                    s           01          4               left, right
                    i           1           4               right

                Before knowing the path or the code, tree must be constructed following the frequency of each character, i.e., the tree is built by repeatedly combining the two smallest-weighted trees, where the weight is the sum of frequency of the child nodes. 
                
                Each character is a leaf in the tree. First, the two least frequent characters are identified as the leaf at the bottom levels, then this process repeats untils all characters are setup.

                The tree of "Mississippi" is as follows:

                    step 1: 

                        3       -> a weight of 3 (1+2)
                       / \
                      1   2     -> a weight (frequency) of 1 and 2 respectively
                      M   P

                    step 2: Continue this process

                           7        
                          / \
                        3    4   
                       / \   s
                      1   2    
                      M   P

                    step 3: Finish building the tree
                             11
                            /  \
                           7    4     
                          / \   i
                        3    4   
                       / \   s
                      1   2    
                      M   P

                To decode this 000101011010110010011 back to the string, just simply follow the string through traversing the path. When a leaf is identified (i.e., a char is found), this means that a character is decoded, this also makes sure that the decoding is unambiguous. And the program doesn't need to consider decoding every 8 bit as usualy in schema such as ASCII. Nonetheless, to decode the bits to string, it's necessary to know the frequency or the huffman tree.








        